From the moment we can talk,
we ask questions.
Why is the sky blue?
What are the stars made of?
Why do bad things happen?
Where do we come from?
Why do people die?
People go to great lengths
to find answers.
Today, there is more information
available than ever before.
But the big questions
—questions about life,
suffering, and death—still remain.
Where can we find answers?
What if the answers
have been there all along in the Bible?
A lot of people say,
the Bible is full of myths and legends.
That it’s outdated.
Or it’s just too hard to understand.
But is the Bible really the problem,
or is it what people think they
know about the Bible?
People think the Bible says
that God controls the world.
But how could that be?
This world is out of control!
It’s full of pain and suffering,
sickness and death,
poverty and disaster.
How could a loving God
be responsible for all of this?
What the Bible says may surprise you.
It says: “The Evil One
controls the whole world.”
In other words,
there’s an evil power
behind the world’s problems,
someone who’s pulling
the strings behind the scenes.
That’s why,
no matter how hard we try,
humans just cannot solve
the world’s problems.
The good news is:
The Bible says things
will not always be like this!
It tells us why we’re in this situation,
how God will fix it,
and how we can deal with it
in the meantime.
The Bible is providing answers
to life’s big questions
for millions of people around the world.
Would you like to be one of them?
Jehovah’s Witnesses would be happy
to study the Bible with you.
Fill in the online request
for a Bible study,
and a Witness in your area
will call to discuss the Bible
at a time and place convenient for you.